SourceChain, a brand new, visual programming blockchain operating system, is attracting more and more attention!
The source chain of DSC SourceChain initiated by the developer GITHUB open source community and developers will bring more possibilities in the application of blockchain!
What is DSC? DSC SourceChain is a system-independent blockchain network. Without bidirectional anchoring, it can be visually programmed. The system TPS uses a brand-new mechanism. Flash trading make transactions faster! At the same time, it is committed to blockchain security, intelligent monitoring of the operating environment, intelligent client upgrades, and the establishment of a high-speed development path for the industry.

SourceChain is committed to building an open application platform, providing a zero block entry to create a blockchain application project. At the same time, through the Token incentive model to effectively reduce the operating thresholds of various communities, realize the rapid start-up and prosperity of the community, and ultimately through the realization of traffic flow and ecology. Consumers realize business returns!
Due to the fact that all data cannot be tampered with and the existence of time stamps proves to be effective in solving disputes among participating parties in the supply chain system and achieving easy proof and accountability, SourceChain has been used for product anti-counterfeiting and traceability. Data can't be tampered with the two major features of transaction traceability, which can eradicate counterfeit and shoddy problems in the supply chain.
SourceChain has been applied to the traceability system of health products, and it really puts the application of blockchain into practice. In the future, it will cover the industry-wide blockchain traceability operation system.
SourceChain aims to build a common blockchain ecosystem with complete support functions, high performance, ease of use, good user experience, and scalable blockchain infrastructure. Become the largest and most 